h1. My Bash Profile

This is the bash profile I use across all my macs and some of my servers. Its pretty general and can be used on almost any machine. This is all really heavily influenced by "Mat Schaffer":https://github.com/matschaffer/profile and the mess of peeps that have forked and contributed to his profile. My needs started getting too far from what he was doing so I pulled over a bunch of stuff and made it more my own.

"The Bash Shell Startup Files":http://www.linuxfromscratch.org/blfs/view/6.3/postlfs/profile.html

h2. Usage

Fork my .profile.d repo on github

1. Go home
<pre><code>cd ~</code></pre>

2. Clone the repository (replace my username with yours)
<pre><code>git clone git@github.com:timmyfury/profile.d.git .profile.d</code></pre>

3. All *.conf files are loaded alphabetically, so this will retain your original settings
<pre><code>mv .profile .profile.d/z_myoldsettings.conf</code></pre>

4. Setup a sym to .profile.d/init. That kicks off the whole thing
<pre><code>ln -s .profile.d/init .profile</code></pre>

5. Make sure you don't have any .bash_profile or .bashrc hanging out which might override .profile

6. Reload your profile
<pre><code>source .profile</code></pre>

h2. Some Stuff You Should Know

* Things that are specific to individual flavors are separated into flavor specific directories. (e.g. Linux, Darwin).
* Some assumptions are made about where applications are installed. You may need to change those parts for yourself. I've made notes in the "Other Jawns Installed":#other-jawns-installed section of this page.

h2(#other-jawns-installed). Other Jawns Installed

This is my *OSX Post Install Guide*. First comes first, run your updates.

h3. Settings

I still need to add this stuff here.

h3. Apps

This is by no means a complete list of what I install.

* Xcode
* GitX
* Macports
* Homebrew
** MySQL with Homebrew
* PeepOpen
* DropBox
* TextMate
* FireFox 3.5.14
* FireFox 3.6.11
* Chrome
* Sun VirtualBox

h2. Improvements I'ma Do

* Create a keys repository
* add passwords to key repo readme
* add github key to key repo
* move heroku creds to dotfiles in keys repo
* SSH config in key repo dotfiles

* method to add keys to trusted sites
* method to link key repo dotfiles

* add textmate bundles
* method to link textmate bundles

* add /etc/my.cnf
* method to symlink my.cnf

* play around with ruby s3sync

h2. I Wanna Try These Out

* "BetterTouchTool":http://boastr.net/
* "Choosy":http://www.choosyosx.com/
* "LaunchBar":http://www.obdev.at/products/launchbar/index.html
* "MailPlane":http://mailplaneapp.com/
* "Skitch":http://skitch.com/

* "Commander":https://github.com/visionmedia/commander

h2. Pork

<pre>
              ___
              ',_`""\        .---,
                 \   :-""``/`    |
                  `;'     //`\   /
                  /   __     |   ('.
                 |_ ./O)\     \  `) \
                _/-.    `      `"`  |`-.
            .-=; `                  /   `-.
           /o o \   ,_,           .        '.
           L._._;_.-'           .            `'-.
             `'-.`             '                 `'-.
                 `.         '                        `-._
                   '-._. -'                              '.
                      \                                    `\
                       |                                     \
                       |    |                                 ;   _.
                       \    |           |                     |-.(( 
                        ;.  \           /    /                |-.`\)
                        | '. ;         /    |                 |(_) )
                        |   \ \       /`    |                 ;'--'
                         \   '.\    /`      |                /
                          |   /`|  ;        \               /
                          |  |  |  |-._      '.           .'
                          /  |  |  |__.`'---"_;'-.     .-'
                         //__/  /  |    .-'``     _.-'`
                               //__/   //___.--''`
</pre>
